README.md, before:

# Hacking the Browser

This is my code repo and blog for [Hacking the Browser](www.hackingthebrowser.com) class at ITP, Spring 2018.

# Class Presentation

### [Pure CSS Minesweeper](https://github.com/tinkrmind/hackingTheBrowser/tree/master/pureCSSminesweeper)

# Week 4

### [Homework](https://github.com/tinkrmind/hackingTheBrowser/tree/master/warning)

Turned the bookmarklet into a Chrome extension. Clicking on the extension button makes the page unresponsive by calling a print function repeatedly, keeping the stack busy so for example the click events are never executed.

*Warning*: A few times this made Chrome unresponsive to the point where I could not even close the tab. So I had to close Chrome from the Activity Monitor. If you have any important tabs open, I'd suggest you not to try it.

### Show Password

is a simple bookmarklet that shows the saved passwords normally shown as asterisks.

```
href="javascript:(function(){var%20s,F,j,f,i;%20s%20=%20"";%20F%20=%20document.forms;%20for(j=0;%20j<F.length;%20++j)%20{%20f%20=%20F[j];%20for%20(i=0;%20i<f.length;%20++i)%20{%20if%20(f[i].type.toLowerCase()%20==%20"password")%20s%20+=%20f[i].value%20+%20"\n";%20}%20}%20if%20(s)%20alert("Passwords%20in%20forms%20on%20this%20page:\n\n"%20+%20s);%20else%20alert("There%20are%20no%20passwords%20in%20forms%20on%20this%20page.");})();"

```
Here is the code in better format:
```
'use strict';
javascript: {
  (function() {
    var s;
    var forms;
    var j;
    var form;
    var i;
    /** @type {string} */
    s = "";
    /** @type {!HTMLCollection<HTMLFormElement>} */
    forms = document.forms;
    /** @type {number} */
    j = 0;
    for (; j < forms.length; ++j) {
      /** @type {!HTMLFormElement} */
      form = forms[j];
      /** @type {number} */
      i = 0;
      for (; i < form.length; ++i) {
        if (form[i].type.toLowerCase() == "password") {
          /** @type {string} */
          s = s + (form[i].value + "\n");
        }
      }
    }
    if (s) {
      alert("Passwords in forms on this page:\n\n" + s);
    } else {
      alert("There are no passwords in forms on this page.");
    }
  })();
};
```
It is simply checking for forms in the DOM and finding the form elements of type password. It then displays the value of that element as a string in a pop-up. Easypeasy.

### An interesting Chrome extension: [Video Speed controller](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-speed-controller/nffaoalbilbmmfgbnbgppjihopabppdk)

It allows you to change the playback speed of HTML5 videos. So, youtube, netflix, vimeo.. pretty much anything. I use it regularly and find it to be quite useful!

# Week 3

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/BxozGz)

I was making a bookmarklet to delete prices from items on Amazon. While experimenting with it, I realized that I had created an infinite loop of console.log, which made the page completely unresponsive. Since the aim was to make a bookmarklet that works against the user, I figured my job is done!

*Warning*: A few times this made Chrome unresponsive to the point where I could not even close the tab. So I had to close Chrome from the Activity Monitor. If you have any important tabs open, I'd suggest you not to try it.

# Week 2

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKqpeJ)

[When the cat is away](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKqpeJ) is a webpage that behaves differently when you're around vs when you're away. It uses the webcam to detect faces, and when no one is around, it reveals a secret. I was influenced by the in class demos of webpages behaving differently when they're off focus. And there's some influence from toy story as well.

# Week 1

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKpXov)

Toggles the background color of a HTML document between yellow and a random color when a button is pressed.

Commit message:

Added botnet code. Botnet functional with md5, and multiple bots.

README.md, after:

# Hacking the Browser

This is my code repo and blog for [Hacking the Browser](www.hackingthebrowser.com) class at ITP, Spring 2018.

# Class Presentation

### [Pure CSS Minesweeper](https://github.com/tinkrmind/hackingTheBrowser/tree/master/pureCSSminesweeper)

# Final Project: won't you join my botnet?

Citizen Science projects like the [@home]() projects using [BOINC](), electric sheep and more allow anyone to lend some compute power to science projects. I myself have lent my old laptop to [LHC@home](). But this process is rarely seamless and involves installing additional software. Since installing chrome extensions is a painless process, I thought it'd be nice to do the same with an extension. Of course, this is an age old concept. But, I couldn't find any examples of citizen science extensions.

As a cheeky demo of the extension I'm using the shared compute to brute-force a md5 hashed password. The brute-forcing function expects input in the form of a string. It runs through the next 10,000 alphanumeric characters on the string and returns true/false depending if the password was found. When you install the extension, a background script establishes connection to the handler server which keeps track of which strings have been tried. If the server does not receive a response from the extension in 10 minutes, it marks the string as untried. This continues until the password is cracked.

JS is not a language best suited for scientific computing. It's just not designed for close to the metal use. But there are some JS libraries like WebGL that are fairly efficient for particular calculations. But given the ease of installation and relative ease of development, citizen science extensions have non-zero potential.

References:

* [MD5 lirary for JS](https://github.com/blueimp/JavaScript-MD5)
* 

# Week 4

### [Homework](https://github.com/tinkrmind/hackingTheBrowser/tree/master/warning)

Turned the bookmarklet into a Chrome extension. Clicking on the extension button makes the page unresponsive by calling a print function repeatedly, keeping the stack busy so for example the click events are never executed.

*Warning*: A few times this made Chrome unresponsive to the point where I could not even close the tab. So I had to close Chrome from the Activity Monitor. If you have any important tabs open, I'd suggest you not to try it.

### Show Password

is a simple bookmarklet that shows the saved passwords normally shown as asterisks.

```
href="javascript:(function(){var%20s,F,j,f,i;%20s%20=%20"";%20F%20=%20document.forms;%20for(j=0;%20j<F.length;%20++j)%20{%20f%20=%20F[j];%20for%20(i=0;%20i<f.length;%20++i)%20{%20if%20(f[i].type.toLowerCase()%20==%20"password")%20s%20+=%20f[i].value%20+%20"\n";%20}%20}%20if%20(s)%20alert("Passwords%20in%20forms%20on%20this%20page:\n\n"%20+%20s);%20else%20alert("There%20are%20no%20passwords%20in%20forms%20on%20this%20page.");})();"

```
Here is the code in better format:
```
'use strict';
javascript: {
  (function() {
    var s;
    var forms;
    var j;
    var form;
    var i;
    /** @type {string} */
    s = "";
    /** @type {!HTMLCollection<HTMLFormElement>} */
    forms = document.forms;
    /** @type {number} */
    j = 0;
    for (; j < forms.length; ++j) {
      /** @type {!HTMLFormElement} */
      form = forms[j];
      /** @type {number} */
      i = 0;
      for (; i < form.length; ++i) {
        if (form[i].type.toLowerCase() == "password") {
          /** @type {string} */
          s = s + (form[i].value + "\n");
        }
      }
    }
    if (s) {
      alert("Passwords in forms on this page:\n\n" + s);
    } else {
      alert("There are no passwords in forms on this page.");
    }
  })();
};
```
It is simply checking for forms in the DOM and finding the form elements of type password. It then displays the value of that element as a string in a pop-up. Easypeasy.

### An interesting Chrome extension: [Video Speed controller](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-speed-controller/nffaoalbilbmmfgbnbgppjihopabppdk)

It allows you to change the playback speed of HTML5 videos. So, youtube, netflix, vimeo.. pretty much anything. I use it regularly and find it to be quite useful!

# Week 3

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/BxozGz)

I was making a bookmarklet to delete prices from items on Amazon. While experimenting with it, I realized that I had created an infinite loop of console.log, which made the page completely unresponsive. Since the aim was to make a bookmarklet that works against the user, I figured my job is done!

*Warning*: A few times this made Chrome unresponsive to the point where I could not even close the tab. So I had to close Chrome from the Activity Monitor. If you have any important tabs open, I'd suggest you not to try it.

# Week 2

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKqpeJ)

[When the cat is away](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKqpeJ) is a webpage that behaves differently when you're around vs when you're away. It uses the webcam to detect faces, and when no one is around, it reveals a secret. I was influenced by the in class demos of webpages behaving differently when they're off focus. And there's some influence from toy story as well.

# Week 1

### [Homework](https://codepen.io/tinkrmind/pen/yKpXov)

Toggles the background color of a HTML document between yellow and a random color when a button is pressed.
